Documentation

I made a website, TopList.

WEBSITE STRUCTURE
The homepage of TopList is a feed of all the questions users have made. It takes all the list topics that any user has
created a list for and displays the ten most highly ranked responses to each question. Under "Create", users fill in the 
title and ten responses to the list title. This page serves as a place where users can create new list topics, respond to
an existing topic, or edit their responses by simply making a new list under a topic that they have already created a list
for. Under "My Lists", users can view all the lists they have created. Under the "Compare" page, users can look at their
lists versus the community lists for easy and FUN comparison!

DATABASE STRUCTURE
TopList employs four databases. First is "users", which is very similar to the CS50 Finance "users" database. Next,
"questions" is a database of every list topic, which is assigned a unique id, "question_id". The "lists" database stores
all of the top ten lists that users creates, and therefore is unique over user id and question_id.  Finally the "responses"
database keeps track of every unique response to a list. Each row is a response some user has given to a list and is unique
for question_id and the actual response. It keeps track of popularity, called "frequency", which simply assigns 10 pts to
first place, 1 pt for last place.

HOW TO USE AND HAVE FUN WITH TOPLIST
Use the "Create/Edit" page to create a list about anything and list ten responses. View the community aggregate of your
list on the "Home" page and your own response under "My Lists". To get view them side by side for easy and fun comparison,
go to "Compare". If you see a list on the homepage that you find interesting and want to add your opinion, remember the exact
title (or copy and paste the title) and go to the "Create/Edit" page and make a list sharing the same exact title. If you want
to edit your lists, go to "Create/Edit" and create a list sharing the same title as the list you want to edit with the updated
values.

KNOWN BUGS
-The first list created must have ten responses. Otherwise, the webpage will complain that there's an offset, meaning it thinks
that there should be more table elements when there really aren't
-When editing a list, the previous answers are not correctly deducted from the frequency in its row under the "responses" SQL table
-If there is a tie, the aggregating SQL statement will pick either all or none. This creates problems when the there is a tie between,
for example, the 10th and 11th places. The SQL statement won't pick either and return 9 responses rather than 10. This in turn creates
a problem with the table formatting as the answers are all returned in one giant array. Since there are missing values, all the responses
get shifted up by however many missing values there are, and the website complains.

Get TopList! Get the app version when I make it!
